---
layout: page
title: Terms and Conditions
include_in_header: false
permalink: /terms
---

# Terms and Conditions
Thank you for using baseline!

baseline (the "Service") provides services to you subject to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement and our [Privacy Policy](https://getbaseline.app/privacy) (the "Agreement"). In addition, when you use any of our services, you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they are incorporated into this Agreement. We reserve the right to change this Service and this Agreement at any time. Accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the service indicates your agreement to all the terms and conditions in this Agreement.

This Agreement is effective July 22nd 2022, and will be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon.

Please only use baseline for its intended purpose. You may not use the Service to do or share anything that breaches this Agreement, that is unlawful, or infringes or breaches someone else’s rights.

Here are some additional restrictions:
- Using baseline to host data (including but not limited to text or images) for a service not related to the direct betterment of user mental health, or any paid service or service with a paid/premium tier, is prohibited.
= You may not upload viruses or malicious code, or do anything that could disable, overburden or impair the proper working of the Service.
- You may not attempt to access data that you do not have permission to access.

Now, baseline is [open source](https://github.com/nkalupahana/baseline), and we encourage you to submit issues and new features. If you’ve found a security vulnerability, as long as you’re not needlessly pulling personal user information, we will not seek damages or otherwise – please just promptly report it to [security@getbaseline.app](mailto:security@getbaseline.app). Additionally, if you want to create a service that adds some data to baseline, or visualizes baseline data in a different way, or something like that, that’s encouraged! We will gladly help you integrate with our system, including but not limited to issuing you an API key and SSO authentication access for users. Just email us at [hello@getbaseline.app](mailto:hello@getbaseline.app). (Please, just do things the right way and talk with us. This is an open source project. That’s what we’re all about.)

If you choose to provide us feedback, we owe you no compensation, there is no duty of confidentiality between us, your submission automatically becomes our property, and we are free to develop services that may be competitive to those you offer or suggest. It is your responsibility to protect your own intellectual property; you should not make a submission to us if you have concerns about intellectual property. Please consult with an attorney if you’re unsure about providing us with feedback.

The information and content of the Service is for your general educational information only. The content cannot, and is not intended to, replace the relationship that you have with your health care professionals. The content on this Service should not be considered medical advice and is not intended as medical advice. If you are experiencing a medical emergency, you should not rely on any information on this Website and should seek appropriate emergency medical assistance, such as calling "911". You should always talk to your health care professionals for diagnosis and treatment, including information regarding which drugs or treatment may be appropriate for you. None of the content provided by this Service represents or warrants that any particular drug or treatment is safe, appropriate or effective for you. Health information changes quickly. Therefore, you should always confirm information with your health care professionals.

The Service is provided "as is". To the full extent permissible by law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied. We do not warrant that the content will be uninterrupted or error free. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the Service, including, but not limited to indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary, special, consequential, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profit, or business interruption/lost daata datages.To the maximum extent permitted by law, our total liability to you for any damages (regardless of the foundation for the action) shall not exceed USD $50.00. We are not responsible for user enjoyment, Service downtime, or ensuring that the Service is right for the user. You agree that you use this Service at your own risk. If you are dissatisfied with the Service, your sole recourse is to discontinue use.

You hereby agree that if the terms of this EULA are not specifically observed, baseline will be irreparably damaged, and therefore you agree that baseline shall be entitled, without bond, other security or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect to your breach of any of the terms of this EULA, in addition to any other available remedies.

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold baseline, its partners, affiliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all damages, losses and expenses arising directly or indirectly from: (i) your acts and omissions to act in using the Service pursuant to the terms of the EULA; or (ii) your breach of this EULA.

You hereby acknowledge and agree that: (i) this EULA is concluded between you and baseline, and not Apple, Inc. ("Apple"); (ii) baseline and its licensors (and not Apple) are solely responsible for the Software, and any related maintenance or support; (iii) Apple has no responsibility to provide maintenance or support related to the Software; (iv) in the event that the Software fails to conform to any applicable warranty you may apply to Apple for a refund of any purchase price paid for the Software; (v) to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law Apple has no other warranty obligations whatsoever with respect to the Software; (vi) Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims that you may have arising out of your use of the Software; (vii) Apple has no responsibility for investigating, defending, settling or discharging any third-party claim that the Software infringes such third-party’s intellectual property rights; and (viii) Apple and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this EULA, and that by accepting this EULA you acknowledge and agree that Apple has the right, and will be deemed to have accepted the right, to enforce this EULA against you as a third-party beneficiary. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo or that has been designated as a "terrorist supporting country" by the U.S. government; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

If you have any questions about this agreement, please contact us at [privacy@getbaseline.app](mailto:privacy@getbaseline.app).